Kindly go through below mentioned IMPORTANT details for your reference:                                                                                          
FOR PAYROLL/ FINANCE QUERIES (PF, ESIC, Gratuity, Leaves, Tax queries, Forms) - Raise a request on https://support.accenture.com → Accenture Support → Human Resources and Payroll → Payroll → Ask Payroll.
 
VARIABLE PAY: In order to receive the eligible Variable pay, you should remain an active employee on the designated disbursement day. For more Queries on Vpay, please reach out to HRPA.
 
FINANCE CONFERENCE CALL - You will get an email from the finance team (Before 10WorkingDays of your LWD) with the conference call invite, you can join this call to clear your finance queries. The subject line of the mail will be ‘Exit Formality’ and it is sent from Mailer.exit@gspdc.accenture.com. If you have not got the payroll call invite, you can raise a request on https://support.accenture.com → AccentureSupport → Human Resources and Payroll → Payroll → Ask Payroll for payroll queries.
• After your separation date, you can drop an email to only payroll.settlements@accenture.com from your personal email ID
REWARD POINTS - Please redeem your Reward points immediately as you will lose access to redeem point 7 calendar days before your LWD. Accenture Portal  -> All Accenture Links -> Career & Total Rewards -> Recognize someone today -> Redeem
 
MYTE SUBMISSION - Please submit your time report till your LWD without fail. Missing time submission will impact your F&F settlement. If you need guidance on updating work schedule on MyTe, please refer to the rights and responsibilities document. (Submission of myTe before 14 Working Days of LWD including expenses)
Please follow the path mentioned below to submit Myte till your LWD. Missing time submission will impact your F&F settlement ( Submission of myTe before 14 Working Days of LWD including expenses).
Access MyTE and charge to the appropriate WBSE for days till your LWD.
For rest of the fortnight, please follow below given steps.
Myte portal > Top right corner > Calendar > Click the aero next to the calendar > Next fortnight will open > Fill your Myte till your LWD.
Click on Submit. The respective cells will be greyed out.
Request your PL to approve your Myte 
     For any myte issue Kindly raise a request by following the below path:
  https://support.accenture.com - >Human resource and payroll  –>Time and expense-> ask  a question –-    > Ask T& E--> Myte category with below
 Category: MYTE
 Sub Category: MYTE> Time prior period Adjustment.
 
LAPTOP SUBMISSION - Please drop an email to ITAsset_ASTChecklist@accenture.com 1 week before your LWD to know your base location for Asset submission ( ID card, Laptop, Headset ect…) . Submit your Laptop on your LWD only (During weekdays). 
    Raise a decommission request for Laptop for submission 2 working days before your LWD. Ask your supervisor to approve the request. (Type it in team search - MyTechHelp  > Login incident > Login incident > Raise a request > Tech POC will contact you ).
Note:  Missing assets submission will impact your F&F settlement 50,000/- will deduct in your FNF settlement. If you missed to submit your ID card ect.. will impact your relieving letter.
as per Policy on Employee Separations, you must, prior to or on your last working day, return all Accenture property to the designated stakeholders. Accenture property includes, but is not limited to your laptop, RSA token and all other Accenture computer equipment, access/id cards, pedestal keys and car pass, corporate credit card, library books, failing which Accenture will be entitled to deduct the relevant asset amount in lieu of the same as part of full and final settlement due to you. The approval from each of these stakeholders mentioned below would be essential in getting the exit process completed
Laptop and any other technology assets.
Library books borrowed. – Library (if applicable) 
Pedestal keys. – Workplace
Id card/s(photo ID card), access card/s– Workplace
Please note we will be able to release the reliving letter only once the asset is submitted to Accenture.  In case asset is not submitted by last working day, it will lead to recovery of the asset in full and final settlement.
ACCENTURE ALUMNI PORTAL REGISTRATION - Post your exit from Accenture you can reach out to us for any queries or assistance related to your exit via Accenture Alumni Portal. To do so, Register on Accenture Alumini Portal - https://www.accenturealumni.com, Click on “Register here, fill the required details in the form and click “Submit”. ( Post your LWD )
 
LEAVE ENCASHMENT AND GRATUITY DECLARATION TASK: (It will open Mid of your notice period close it before the due date )
      Please access Accenture Support and click on Cases > Case number > Related task - to check the status of your exit tasklist.             
 
(Scroll down - click Start work - Fill your details - Are you received any tax benefits on leave encashment ?- If yes click I have received ( Enter the details in that box  - if NO - Click I have not - mark as complete    )                                                                                                                                                                                     
          NOTE: For any further queries related to your Exit other than these points, please reach out to your Case Manager OR  India.Exitmanagement@accenture.com with the Exit Request Number/Employee ID mentioned in the subject line of the email.
 
LEAVE DETAILS : In case of emergency you can avail sick leaves with your People lead's approval. Discuss with your People lead and avail leaves.
 
It depends on your PL approval, kindly discuss with your PL and avail leaves with approval, There are chances they might extend the LWD if you avail leaves during Notice Period.
 
Please note, Accenture only provides Relieving Letter ( Post LWD + 21 Working days ) and Resignation Acceptance Mail ( LWD before 10 Calendar days ). If you require an Experience Letter, you can write to the concerned team. (India.Credenceletter@accenture.com)

Experience Letter/Service Letter/Roles and Responsibilities Letter/Reference Letter will be issued for the below purposes only:

1. Green card letter
2. Citizenship and immigration Services
3. Higher education 
4.  US work permit

You can drop a fresh email to India.Credenceletter@accenture.com for any of the above mentioned letters. Ensure to include your complete address (within India) & specify the reason for requesting the letter. You can expect a response from the team within 2-3 business days
EARLY RELEASE
Please connect with your HRPA regarding the early release ( I already pinged your HRPA details through teams chat )
Please be noted that to process early release, share the below details,
Revised LWD
Notice period shortfall treatment
Business lead's (CL 6 or above) approval and HR PA confirmation
Reason for Early release
Employee consent
 
Note: (1) Early release date cannot fall on weekends/public holidays.
          (2) Revised LWD, Notice period treatment and Reason for Early release should be call out before BL approval.
          (3) Early release will be considered only if Business approves.
 
Resignation Date ( If no resignation email then we cannot consider that as DOR)
DOJ in Accenture.
Supervisor name
Reason for reliving (Elaborate your reason )
Personal mail ID ( If it is not correct then change it in workday portal)
Probation status ( Yes / No )
My holding shares ( If applicable) - ( YES/NO )
Job Description Captured against Roles and Responsibilities Field - Yes/No 
Fill it and send it to me 